
2024 ENGAGE!
Chicago, IL; June 10 – 11, 2024; Draft Agenda

Confirmed speakers

Prudence Pitter, Global Head of HR; Automotive & Manufacturing, Amazon Web Services
Robert Perkins, Senior Vice President, Chief Global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer, Mondelez International
Alexandria Uribe, Senior Director, Total Talent Management, WM
Derrick Barton, Chief Executive Officer, Center for Talent Solutions and Founder, Incredible LIFE Network
Antonio Johnson, Vice President of People Engagement, Cantex
Sherida McMullan, Vice President of Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging, Gitlab
Victor Simmons, Vice President, Head of HR and Head of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, Ace Hotels
Sunil Asija, Director of Human Resources, Oakland County
Brady Pyle, Vice President of Human Resources, Space Center Houston
Trent Cotton, Vice President, Talent & Culture, HatchWorks
Ismet Mamnoon, Global Culture Coach, deliverect
Nickoria Johnson, Global Chief Diversity Officer, Credera
Millette Granville, Vice President, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, 2U
Asheli Mann-Lofthouse, Organizational Anthropologist; Senior. Manager, Global Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging, Kraft Heinz Company 
Menzel Smith Jones, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Specialist, Brookhaven National Laboratory
Eva Stoudemire, Director of Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Accessibility (IDEA), ChildFund
Main Conference Day One – June 10, 2024
8.00am
Registration and Breakfast
9.00am 
Chairman’s Welcome 
Derrick Barton, Chief Executive Officer, Center for Talent Solutions and Founder, Incredible LIFE Network
9.30am
Opening Keynote Presentation: Prioritizing Employee Wellbeing: How Leaders Prioritizing Their Wellbeing Improves Organizational Effectiveness 
Hear relatable scenarios, and challenges that leaders face, while learning ways to effectively make a shift in mindset from leadership survival to the importance of being a role model for thriving in the workplace. Learn ways to navigate the inevitable changes that occur in the workplace, build resilience, and focus on emotional intelligence and psychological safety.
Learn to adapt while focusing on continuous learning - The best leaders balance change and continue to evolve 
Keep Inclusion and two-way communication strong - Emotional intelligence and psychological safety go hand in hand and strengthen the organization’s culture 
Balance work and life - Be a role model in and out of the workplace 
Prudence Pitter, Global Head of HR; Automotive & Manufacturing, Amazon Web Services

10:00am 
Unleashing the Power of AI for Employee Engagement: Transforming Work, Inspiring People
In today's competitive landscape, organizations are constantly seeking innovative ways to boost employee satisfaction, motivation, and productivity. Enter Artificial Intelligence (AI), a game-changer with the potential to revolutionize the way we engage and empower our workforce. This session will delve into the top ways that AI can be used to drive employee engagement:
Leveraging AI algorithms to create personalized learning and development programs 
Targeted AI-drive strategies that boost employee engagement by fostering a sense of ownership and progress.
Analyzing AI-driven performance data to provide real-time feedback and identify areas for improvement
The power of AI-powered automation to handle tedious tasks and enable individuals to focus on more creative and strategic work
Using AI to identify high-performing individuals and teams to provide personalized recognition and rewards
Harnessing AI-powered platforms to facilitate seamless communication and collaboration across teams and locations
Presentation reserved for industry partner
10:30am Break
11:00am 
Keynote Presentation: The Future of DE&I: Emerging Trends and Innovations 
This session will explore emerging trends and innovations in the DE&I landscape. It will discuss how these advancements are shaping the future of workplace inclusion and equity, and how organizations can prepare for and leverage these trends to further their DE&I goals.
The growth in data-driven DE&I to identify and drive areas for improvement
Towards decentralized DE&I ownership: managing the shift from top-down strategies to empowering employees at all levels to champion DE&I initiatives.
Embracing the rise of neurodiversity to accommodate and leverage the unique strengths and talents of individuals with conditions like autism and dyslexia
Supporting the growth in the gig economy: how to access and integrate diverse talent pools beyond traditional full-time employment models, promoting wider inclusion and flexibility
Opportunities in Virtual Reality and Inclusive Training to develop empathy, understand unconscious bias, and practice inclusive behaviors

Robert Perkins, Senior Vice President, Chief Global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer, Mondelez International

11:30am 
Panel Discussion: Key Strategies to Build a More Human-Centric Workplace Culture
The responsibility of companies in building an empathetic work culture is key to performance and retention in the current environment. What is your organization doing to help your employees survive, stabilize and thrive? This session will look at the current gaps and what organizations can do to cultivate a human-centric company culture
The current drivers of attrition; where do we need to focus? 
Towards greater employee flexibility: where are we and where do we want to be?
How to build leadership skills to drive empathy and support
The growing importance of health and wellness
Managing the transition from the traditional employee experience to whole life experience
Prudence Pitter, Global Head of HR; Automotive & Manufacturing, Amazon Web Services
Nickoria Johnson, Global Chief Diversity Officer, Credera
Sunil Asija, Director of Human Resources, Oakland County

12:00pm 
Presentation reserved for industry partner

12:30pm Lunch
Track A: 
Diversity & Inclusion	Track B: 
Employee Engagement
1.30pm 
Interactive Round Table Discussions – Diversity & Inclusion
This interactive session is your opportunity to discuss the most current topics with your peers in small groups. 	1.30pm
Interactive Round Table Discussions – Employee Engagement
This interactive session is your opportunity to discuss the most current topics with your peers in small groups.
2:30pm – Break
3:00pm
Building An Inclusive Culture For Organizational Performance 
Businesses across all industries are currently faced with overcoming challenges to performance that include leadership and management styles, communication approaches, work environments, and relationships amongst diverse employee groups. While there have been discussions regarding recommendations and solutions to address these challenges, questions remain as to what strategies can provide organizations sustained success while addressing the challenges collectively. Inclusive leadership and culture can serve as the guide to greater organizational performance and lead to competitive advantage over time. This session will focus on practice methods of inclusive leadership, considerations for a continuous improvement approach to inclusive culture, alignment of organizational performance, and how everyone contributes to accountability.
Understanding the core competencies of inclusive leadership
Learning elements associated with an inclusive culture and ongoing improvement
Identifying strengths and weaknesses related to inclusive culture and organizational performance
The importance of contributions and accountability from all stakeholders
Antonio Johnson, Vice President of People Engagement, Cantex	3.00pm
Adopting a Continuous Learning Approach to Microlearning, Upskilling, and Growth Mindset
With busy schedules, diminishing budgets and ever-changing knowledge landscapes, it can be
difficult to find the time and resources to stay ahead of the curve. This presentation explores a
powerful approach that addresses these challenges – microlearning, upskilling, and fostering a
growth mindset.
The increasing popularity of microlearning: how bite-sized learning modules designed for accessibility and adaptability can enable individuals to learn and grow at their own pace
Designing personalized learning paths that are aligned with individual career aspirations and goals, ensuring targeted development and skills acquisition
Building a corporate culture that fosters a growth mindset: building capacity to support experimentation, “learning from mistakes”, whilst celebrating successes
Equipping employees with the latest skills and knowledge to learn new technologies, acquire cutting-edge expertise, and remain competitive

Trent Cotton, VP Talent & Culture, HatchWorks

3:30pm 
Presentation reserved for industry partner	3.30pm
Presentation reserved for industry partner

4:00pm  
How to Build a DE&I Strategy and Promote Authenticity in the Workplace
This presentation will share with you how to build a DEI strategy from the ground up and how to provide a workplace environment where everyone can bring their whole selves to work. The presenter will share his real-life experiences and his best practices for success all while under the backdrop of the now infamous murder of George Flyod and so many others resulting in thousands of protests across the country. During this presentation, you will learn. 
Towards leadership engagement: where are you and where do you need to be?
What should be included in a thorough company assessment?
Building and implementing a sustainable two-to-three- year strategy
Victor Simmons, Vice President, Head of HR and Head of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, Ace Hotel
	4.00pm
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs): Unlocking the power of ERGs to Support your Business Strategies and Retain your Top Talent
Description: The role Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are playing in the workplace is changing as new generations enter the labor force with very clear expectations for their work environment and leadership experience. ERGs used to be a “nice-to-have” but have quickly become a differentiator for companies who are serious about evolving their DE&I culture and focusing on retaining top talent. These groups have the potential to be game changers when it comes to achieving your business goals while caring for your company’s greatest asset: your people.

Alexandria Uribe, Senior Director, Total Talent Management, WE

4:30pm 
Closing Panel Discussion: Building a Fairer Future: Key DE&I Strategies to Drive Engagement
Embracing Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DE&I) is no longer optional for organizations in 2024. It's a critical business imperative that drives innovation, enhances employee engagement, and fosters a more competitive advantage. But simply acknowledging the importance of DE&I isn't enough. We need concrete action and measurable progress towards building truly inclusive workplaces.
This discussion will explore key strategies for organizations to advance DE&I in the coming year, focusing on:
Beyond hiring: moving beyond recruitment efforts to create a workplace where individuals from diverse backgrounds feel valued, heard, and empowered to thrive
Leveraging data to identify and address systemic biases within policies, practices, and procedures
Investing in leadership development to champion DE&I initiatives and create an inclusive leadership pipeline.
Embracing diversity in thought and perspective to drive innovation and problem-solving
Building employee resource groups (ERGs) to serve as catalysts for change, providing support and resources for their respective communities
Promoting accountability and transparency: establishing clear DE&I goals, measuring progress regularly, and holding individuals and leaders accountable for achieving them

Alexandria Uribe, Senior Director, Total Talent Management, WE
Antonio Johnson, Vice President of People Engagement, Cantex
Millette Granville, Vice President, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, 2U

5.00pm
Chairman’s Summary 
Derrick Barton, Chief Executive Officer, Center for Talent Solutions and Founder, Incredible LIFE Network
5.15pm
Networking Drinks Reception

Main Conference Day Two - June 11, 2024
8.00am
Registration and Breakfast
8.45am
Chairman’s Welcome
Derrick Barton, Chief Executive Officer, Center for Talent Solutions and Founder, Incredible LIFE Network
9:00am 
Opening Keynote Presentation: Igniting Organizational Success: Investigating Strategies for Culture Measurement, Front-Line Leadership and Employer Branding
Measuring and building your company culture
Front-line leadership as a foundation of as a foundation of culture and employee engagement
An overview of the 70/20/10 Leadership Development Strategy
How to enhance “word of mouth” about your organization to prospective applicants
Brady Pyle, Vice President of Human Resources, Space Center Houston
9:30am 
Cultivating a Thriving Culture: Building a Roadmap for Success
Workplace cultures have undergone a monumental transformation over the past four years and it seems that there is no end in sight. With continued debate on workplace versus employee priorities, there is a continued need to revisit cultural norms and ensure they remain aligned with the evolving needs of our workforce and the ever-changing business environment.
Empowering purpose and meaning: which values resonate with employees, allowing them to connect their individual work to a larger impact?
Prioritizing psychological safety and well-being: prioritizing mental health and providing resources for stress management and work-life balance
An overview of trust and transparency – what matters?
Foster a diverse and inclusive environment where everyone feels valued, respected, and empowered to contribute their unique perspectives and talents
Continuously invest in your workforce's growth and development 
Sunil Asija, Director of Human Resources, Oakland County

10.00am
Presentation reserved for industry partner

10:30am Break
Track A: 
Diversity & Inclusion	Track B:
Employee Engagement/ Wellness
11:00am 
Navigating the Paradoxes of Impact and Intent in DEI
The challenges that we face as we strive to create cultures of belonging in organizations today are made significantly more complex by the polarities that need to be managed as we attempt to foster inclusion. These polarities are at the heart of every conversation we have on the topic of DEI as we struggle to make impossible choices between:
I matter and All lives matter
Intent and Impact
Care for self and Care for others
Engagement and Enforcement
Equity and Equality
Celebrating Differences and Celebrating what's the same
Exploring Multiple Perspectives and Taking a Stand
Keeping Harmony and Questioning Tradition
Justice and Mercy
Dominant Culture and Marginalized Culture
In this session attendees will:
Understand what polarities are and how they create dilemmas
Unpack the polarities of Intent and Impact
Discuss ways in which we might effectively manage the polarities of Intent and Impact in our organizations today
Share a tool for mapping and navigating polarities
Ismet Mamnoon, Global Culture Coach, deliverect
	11.00am
Psychological Safety and Mental Health: Building a Thriving Workplace Culture
In today's fast-paced and demanding work environment, employee well-being is paramount. Creating a psychologically safe space where individuals feel comfortable expressing themselves, voicing concerns, and making mistakes is crucial for fostering mental health and overall organizational success. This presentation will explore the intricate link between psychological safety and mental health in the workplace, highlighting the importance of proactive measures to cultivate a supportive and thriving culture. Join us as we navigate the path towards building a workplace that prioritizes both mental health and overall employee well-being.
Defining psychological safety and its impact on individual and team performance
The Mental Health Connection: exploring the direct link between psychological safety and improved mental health
Strategies to build a culture of trust through open communication and collaboration
Empowering vulnerability: bridging the gap between theory and reality
Investing in wellbeing: an overview of key resources such as mental health resources, flexible work arrangements, and employee recognition programs 

Menzel Smith Jones, Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Specialist, Brookhaven National Laboratory
11.30am
Interactive Round Table Discussions – Diversity & Inclusion
This interactive session is your opportunity to discuss the most current topics with your peers in small groups.	11.30am
Interactive Round Table Discussions – Wellness
This interactive session is your opportunity to discuss the most current topics with your peers in small groups.
12:30pm 
Lunch
1:30pm 
The Power of Storytelling: Using Narratives to Drive Empathy and Understanding for DE&I
This session will highlight the power of storytelling in fostering empathy and understanding for diverse perspectives. It will showcase examples of effective storytelling techniques and how they can be used to create a more inclusive and equitable workplace culture.
Sharing personal stories: encouraging employees to share their own narratives about their experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives can foster a deeper understanding of individual differences and create a space for connection and empathy
Showcasing stories from individuals and communities representing various backgrounds and identities to challenge stereotypes and broaden perspectives
Leveraging creative storytelling techniques to boost connectivity 
Building enterprise-wide bridges through shared narratives 
Providing employees with the opportunity to participate in structured storytelling workshops to drive a more open and inclusive communication environment

Asheli Mann-Lofthouse, Organizational Anthropologist; Senior. Manager, Global Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Belonging, Kraft Heinz Company	1.30pm
Keys to Modern Leadership to Drive Engagement
Join Nickoria Johnson to explore how we can show up as the best leader possible in this new modern workplace. Leading in this multi-generational, fast paced and agile world is a very different context than when many of us started our leadership journey. Go on a journey to compare and contrast old-school versus new-school leadership styles and learn more about the expectations and needs of this modern workforce. From leading diverse teams to flexing your communication style to creating more empathy… this session is for all leaders, whether you are new to leadership or more seasoned in your walk. Our goal is common… we all want to build towards a more inclusive and more engaged workforce. We want to make sure that we are creating the most high-performing teams possible. The change starts with us so let’s do something new!
Understand the power of inclusive leadership and why its important
Explore how to lead diverse teams (age, gender, multi-cultural, global)
Learn what you can do to flex your leadership style and become a more inclusive leader

Nickoria Johnson, Global Chief Diversity Officer, Credera

2:00pm 
How to A.D.A.P.T. to DEI Headwinds 
Action - Be Intentional in every Action you or your organization takes (tie it to the company strategy)
Do Good -  Provide meaningful ways to contribute to society
Accountable - We have the Responsibility to commit and Answerable for the outcome
Policies  - Build scalable ways to govern your work, actionable processes which inform your programs.
Transparent - Our Internal efforts align with our efforts externally 
Also:
- DEI in Tech - Accountability and how our leaders align to DEI - hindered our ability to go after policies.
- SCOTUS and the impact (DIB report launched) 
- Performance, Branding Socially in Tech
Sherida McMullan, Vice President of Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging, Gitlab

	2.00pm
Cultivating an Inclusive Global Workforce
Many companies and organizations with a global footprint seek executive leaders to engage within their regions on DEI with high level report outs. I have learned motivational ways to engage a global workforce having all staff, bottom up and top to bottom, across cultures, beliefs, levels in understanding of DEI, and traditions journey toward inclusive organizational goals. Very few resources are available on engaging a global workforce in this manner while growing engagement.

Eva Stoudemire, Director of Inclusion, Diversity, Equity and Accessibility (IDEA), ChildFund International
2.30pm
Afternoon Coffee and Networking

3.00pm
Self-Preservation over Perseverance 
Over the last few years people have had to stop and take note of who they are, what’s most important to them and how do they refocus some of their energy on themselves.  The global wars and the pandemic have been brutal on many of us and we have lost loved ones and friends at a much faster pace. We all have to slow down to speed up and put ourselves back on our to do list.  Self-preservation is the first law of nature.  This interactive session will focus on how you can invest in your own personal well-being while investing in your mental health in an effort to be the best version of yourself. This session will focus on:
Prioritizing productivity over vitality 
Suffering in silence, the danger of doing nothing 
Investing in your physical and mental help
Being the best version of yourself 
How to listen to your body and prioritize your health and well-being 
The cost of doing nothing
Resources to support physical and mental well-being 
Millette Granville, Vice President, Diversity, Equity & Inclusion, 2U

3.30pm
Closing Remarks and End of Conference
Derrick Barton, Chief Executive Officer, Center for Talent Solutions and Founder, Incredible LIFE Network






FAQs

Venue Related
When is this event? The Engage event takes place on June 10th & 11th 
Where is this event being held? What is the venue for the event? The Engage event is being held at the Intercontinental Chicago Magnificent Mile which is located at 505 N. Michigan Avenue. 
What parking arrangements are available at the venue?  The rate to park overnight is $80 per day. Day parking is usually $46, but we have a discounted eight-hour rate of $34 for event attendees. Ask our onsite event team to validate your parking to receive the discount.
What is the cost per night at the hotel? The room rate is $359 per night. The link to book your room is on the event website, but I will also send it to you via email. 
Where do I go to check in for the event? In front of the Avenue Ballroom which is on the first floor.
Where is the keynote/my next session/the exhibition hall located? The main meeting room is on the first floor of the hotel, in the Avenue Ballroom. The afternoon breakout sessions are also on the first floor, in Streeterville room. Our onsite staff will direct you.
Food & Beverage & Networking
What food is included with my registration? Is breakfast included? Is lunch included? All attendees will receive breakfast, lunch and coffee breaks each day of the event. There is also a cocktail reception at the end of the first day.
What networking opportunities are there? We have various networking opportunities. There are roundtable discussions where you get to solve issues and discuss topics in a group setting. We have morning and afternoon coffee breaks each day. There is also a cocktail reception at the end of day one which will take place right outside of where conference sessions are held.
Is there an exhibition floor? The event is not a tradeshow but we will have 3 to 5 exhibitors will tables in the area where coffee breaks take place.
Content Related
Who is speaking at the event? Who are the presenters at this event? I can email you the agenda with complete details. But the event will feature case studies and roundtable discussions on Diversity & Inclusion, Employee Engagement, Improving Company Culture and Employee Wellness. Speakers at the event include the Global Head of HR, Automotive & Manufacturing from Amazon Web Services, the Senior Manager, Global DEI & Belonging from Kraft Heinz Company, and the VP of Human Resources from Space Center Houston. 
What are the topics for this event? Tell me about the sessions at this event. I can email you the agenda with complete details. But the event will feature case studies and roundtable discussions on Diversity & Inclusion, Employee Engagement, Improving Company Culture and Employee Wellness. 

Attendance Related
What do the different ticketing prices mean? It can get a little confusing. Let me explain. An in-person attendee will attend the event in Chicago. The on-demand attendees can view the event live via Zoom or watch the recorded sessions on-demand. The on-demand videos are available 1-2 weeks after the event. All attendees have access to the videos for one year. Last but not least we have The Supporter of Inclusive Workplace package. These are group rates with that come with branding options to promote your company as a supporter of inclusion. I can send you more information on all package options. 
Are early bird discounts available? Yes. The current early bird price expires on March 8th.  If you register before the end of the day on March 8th, you can attend the event in-person for $995 which is $700 of the list price of $1695. You can attend virtually for $545 which is $450 off the list price of $995. 
How secure are my credit card details? I will send you a link to register online. No one will see your credit card details. Would you like me to send you a link to register?
Where can I view my receipt? Will I get a purchase confirmation? Once you complete your registration online, you will receive a confirmation via email. 
Can I register and buy a ticket at the event? No. All tickets must be purchased before the event takes place.
Can I get a refund if I change my mind about attending? While we do not offer refunds, you will receive a 100% credit that can be used on any other HRO Today event for up to one year. 
If the event is canceled, how do I obtain a refund? Yes, If HRO Today cancels the event, you will have a choice to receive 100% refund or a credit memo.
I can’t pay by credit card; is there an alternate payment method? Yes, we can send you an invoice, but your registration will not be processed until the invoice is paid. You can pay the invoice via bank transfer or check. 
I have special accessibility needs/dietary requirements; can you accommodate me? In most cases we can accommodate accessibility and dietary requirements. I will send you an email with all the event information. If you could reply with your needs, I will forward it to a customer service representative to ensure that we can meet your needs.
Is there a dress code for the event? The dress code is business attire. Business casual is fine.
Where can I find information about the event agenda and schedule? I will email you the complete agenda. Please confirm your email address.
What time does the conference start? What are the hours of the event? Normal event hours are 9am – 5pm. I will send you the complete agenda for this event. Please verify your email.
What is the price to attend? The list price to attend is $1695 in-person and $995 to attend virtually. If you register before the end of the day on March 8th, you can attend the event in-person for $995 which is $700 of the list price of $1695. You can attend virtually for $545 which is $450 off the list price of $995. 
Are there group discounts? Yes. There is a 10% discount on groups of 3-4 attendees and 15% on 5 or more attendees. 
Is that a non-profit discount? Yes, non-profit organizations receive a 10% discount in addition to any early bird pricing. 
Is there a discount for government employees? Yes, government employees receive a 10% discount in addition to any early bird pricing. 
Is there a discount for small businesses? No, we currently do not offer any discounts based on size of company.
Is there a virtual option? Yes, we have a virtual option. You can watch the event live. You will also have access to the sessions for one year. The videos are ready 2 weeks after the event. 
How long do I have access to the conference videos? All attendees will have access to the recorded sessions for one year.
Are sessions recorded? Yes, All attendees will have access to the recorded sessions for one year.
How do I download the event app? There is an event app for networking. All attendees will receive access to the event app via email about 3 weeks before the event. 
Are there breakout sessions? Where can I find information about them? Yes, I can send you the full agenda will information on breakout sessions
Does this conference provide SHRM or HRCI credits? Yes, this conference is certified to provide 1 credit per hour of learning from both SHRM and HRCI. The event code will be sent to each event attendee after the event.  
“how did you get my information?” or how did you get my number?  Answer: We have a database of potential attendees based on job functions and interest. 
Who sent the email?  I sent you an email from the address sales @ H R O today.com a couple of days ago
When did you send an email? I sent you an email from the address sales @ H R O today.com a couple of days ago.












Strategic Talent Management Training



HRO Today Training 5-3-21 V1.0



What is Strategic Talent Management?




• A process that an organization participates in to source, attract, select, train, develop, retain, and move employees through the organization.

• Talent Management is an evolving business science

• It is a new age system of turning the HR department into a strategic business unit




The Evolution of Strategic Talent Management

• The Industrial Age – focus on manufacturing, people considered a cost

• The Knowledge Age – service-oriented economy, people viewed as potential assets

• The Talent Age – where we are now. Agility, response time to change, innovation, people are the most valued asset




The Talent Life Cycle






Workforce Planning

• Define and Optimize a Workforce that can execute the organization’s business strategy, both today and in the future

• Forecast supply and demand of talent needs followed by a strategy to close the gaps

• Role segmentation, environmental scanning, current state analysis, futuring, gap analysis, action planning, monitoring and reporting




Talent Acquisition

• The difference between Recruitment and Talent Acquisition lies in “attracting” talent




– Recruitment – Filling positions through profiling, finding (sourcing), assessing and hiring

– Talent Acquisition – the strategic value of attracting and hiring the RIGHT talent




• Recruitment is tactical, Talent Acquisition is Strategic

Engagement



• The extent to which employees believe in what they do, feel valued for it and are willing to spend their intellectual effort to make the organization successful

• Company Culture




Development & Deployment

• Most companies spend their time identifying talent rather than developing it

• Development programs increase productivity and engagement, and decrease the likelihood that an employee will leave or seek another opportunity

• Deploying (or redeploying) your talent into the right role will save money, and increase productivity and efficiency





Leadership


• High Potentials




• Identifying Talent




• Key Skills: Courage, vision, inspiring followers, serving, advocacy, decision making, entrepreneurship






Retention • How to keep your employees



• Using engagement as your biggest driver of retention





• Recognizing the stages




Evaluation








• Employers must constantly evaluate and report on how the talent practices are working and where improvements can be made





• The ever-changing landscape


Conclusion

• Strategic Talent Management is about turning HR into a centralized business unit that consistently gets the right people to fill each role within an organization.
• Your clients live in this world and are constantly striving to get the buy in to DO these practices. Knowing what they deal with on a day to day and being able to speak with them from a position of knowledge will help you win their trust, and sell more of our products!
• The more you learn, the better off you will be!










